# Jungian Dream Analysis Machine
The Jungian Dream Analysis Machine is a web application that allow users to submit their dreams. Then, it will analyze it based on Carl Jung's analytical psychology principles. The application will generate both textual interpretations and visual representations of the submitted dream. 

## Implementation
I have implemented Jungias ideas into prompt by providing a detail description of the type of response we want, based on Carl Jung's psychological theories. It focuses on concepets like archetypes, the collective unconscious, and individuation. Initially, I experiemented with a less detail prompt but later decided to refined it to make sure it aligned closely with Jungian principles.
<br />For the image, I asked the model to generate a dreamlike visual to make it feel magical based on the analized dream using OpenAI's DALL-E model.

## User Guide for the website
1. Type a description of your dream in the text area; both detailed and bried work. 
2. Click the submit button to analyse your dream.
3. Wait for the Jungian analysis and the visual representation of your dream to appear.
4. Enjoy exploring the insisghts of your dream. Have fun!

## Reflection
I found it interessting to implement AI and Jungian dream analysis together and see the unique interpretations generated by OpenAI's GPT and DALL-E models. Each result was intriguing and the images are beautiful and have a hint of magical dreamlike feel. 
I encountered some challenges when creating the website like connecting the style.css with the index.html. I learned that did that with Flask, it is required to have a static folder to placed the style.css file. Also, I did run into the issue of not being able to display the image. However, after troubleshooting I was able to solve it.

## Possible Improvements
Add a feature that allow the user to select which Jungian concept they want their dream analysis to focus on. Also, an option for the user to save their analyses and generated image would be great so that they can review it whenever they feel like reliving a specific dream. It would also be interesting to let them rate their interpretations or let them categorize them so that they are easy to find.
